in this lesson I'm going to teach you
how to turn off your Mac doesn't matter
if you have a MacBook Pro a Mac air or a
MacBook doesn't even really matter when
you bought your Mac they all operate the
same way so this is what my desktop
looks like and as you can see it's kind
of clean which your desktop should be as
well but I'll have another tutorial
about that later so in order to shut off
your Mac the easiest way is to press the
power button on the top right hand
corner of your Mac now that the symbol
comes up right there
now if you don't want to press that
button you can also go up to this little
Apple symbol on the top left-hand corner
just click once on your trackpad or
mouse click left mouse click if you're
using a mouse and you'll see all of
these options here just go down to shut
down a lot of people go to log out and
after about six months of using their
computer they wonder why their computers
so slow well you haven't actually turned
your computer off I find the best habit
for Mac's is to turn your computer off
every night before you go to sleep you
can put it in sleep mode during the day
but shutdown turns everything off and
it's a good little break for your
computer so all you have to do is click
once on shutdown and this little option
will come up here you can choose reopen
windows when logging back in I never do
that basically means any programs you
had open before you when you shut down
they will reopen when your computer
turns on but I'm not going to do that so
I would just click shutdown and in about
five seconds my computer would shut down
now I want to click one more time on the
Apple and show you that there is also
the option to restart and there's also
the option to sleep sleep is never
really something you'll need to choose
because when you close the lid of your
laptop it automatically goes to sleep
restart is generally if you find that
there's a bit of an issue going on with
your computer or you find that maybe
your internet isn't connecting properly
it's good to restart your computer and
maybe that will reset any what we call
bugs or I like to call gremlins in your
computer there's always something funky
going on
logging out is basically only used when
you want to put your computer to sleep
but you also want to make sure it's
password-protected if somebody else
takes your computer opens it up and sees
oh there's a password there so it's a
level of security for your computer but
that's all it's used for it shouldn't be
used for putting your computer to sleep
or shutting down those are separate
things and that's how you shut down
restart or put to sleep your laptop or
home computer